ONLINE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

1.	INTRODUCTION

Welcome to iPro advisers Inc. We start every new subscriber relationship with a contract. The following contract spells out what you can expect from us, and what we expect from you. If you agree to what you read below, you should click "Yes" at the end of the contract to acknowledge that you have agreed. We intend this to be the legal equivalent of your signature on a written contract, and equally binding. Only by clicking “Yes” will you be able to access and use the services available on this Website. 

2.	ACCESS AND SERVICES

Your access to the various services available on this system depends on the level of access you select. You may change or discontinue your account at any time. We reserve the right to modify, suspend or terminate access to the service on our system at any time for any reason without notice or, including the right to require you to change your login identification code or password. We also reserve the right to delete all program and data files associated with your account and/or other information you have on our system.
Ipro Advisers shall have the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the system including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use. 

3.	CHANGED TERMS

Ipro Advisers shall have the right at any time to change or modify the terms and conditions applicable to User's use of the system or any part thereof, or to impose new conditions, including, but not limited to, adding fees and charges for use. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means including, but not limited to, posting on website or by electronic or conventional mail, or by any other means by which User obtains notice thereof. Any use of the system by User after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by User of such changes, modifications or additions. 

4.	FEES AND PAYMENT

We will charge you a standard monthly fee for using our system as well as additional set up fee depending on the type of service you have selected. You should review the complete and current price list before signing up for any services. You will be given the opportunity to pay by credit card when you sign up. You can cancel your account at any time, but you will remain liable for all charges accrued up to that time, including full monthly charges for the month for which you discontinued service. We reserve the right to change our fees at any time for any reason, but, whenever possible, we will give you at least one month's advance notice of such change.

5.	SYSTEM RULES

You agree to be bound by certain rules that are important for the proper use of this service. Your failure to follow these rules, whether listed below in the contract or in bulletins or message boards posted at various points in the system, may result in termination of your service. First, do not tell others your password or let your account be used by anyone except yourself. Second, do not attempt to log in more than once at the same time on any given account without specific permission of one of our operators. Third, while you should feel free to express yourself, you should respect other users of the system and not do anything to attack or injure others. Fourth, do not use our system to commit an offence or crime, or to plan, encourage or help others commit a crime, including crimes relating to computers.

6.	USE OF SERVICES

The Services may contain email services, bulletin and message board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, photo libraries, files and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable User to communicate with others (each a "Communication Service" and collectively "Communication Services"). User agrees to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and, when applicable, related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, User agrees that when using the Communication Services, User will not: 

●	Use the Communication Services in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise). 
●	Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. 
●	Publish post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information. 
●	Upload, or otherwise make available, files that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless User own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same. 
●	Use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made available through the Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party. 
●	Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another computer or property of another. 
●	Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Services specifically allows such messages. 
●	Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that User know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or distributed in such manner. 
●	Falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded. 
●	Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services. 
●	Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service. 
●	Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses. 
●	Violate any applicable laws or regulations. 
●	Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others. 
●	Use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of users of the Services or other user or usage information or any portion thereof. 

Ipro advisers has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Ipro advisers reserves the right to review materials posted to the Communication Services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Ipro Advisers reserves the right to terminate User’s access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever. Ipro Advisers reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as it deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Ipro Advisers's sole discretion. 

Materials uploaded to the Communication Services may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination; User is responsible for adhering to such limitations if User downloads the materials. 
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information in any Communication Services. Ipro Advisers does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Services and, therefore, Ipro Advisers specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from User’s participation in any Communication Services. Managers and other staff are not authorized Ipro Advisers spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Ipro Advisers. 

7.	PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any form of communication on our system, you are hereby granting to the public an unrestricted license to use, copy, modify, adapt or document in any form any communications, information or any underlying work in which you may possess proprietary rights, including but not limited to copyright rights. All users of the system are therefore deemed to have disclaimed or waived all copyright ownership rights in their messages or files, even if they contain copyright notices. You shall have absolutely no recourse against us as the system provider for any alleged or actual infringement of any proprietary rights to which you may claim ownership.

Your use of our system affords you access to many of the features of our system, but some aspects of our system remain within our exclusive proprietary control. We or our suppliers own the intellectual property rights to any and all protectable components of our system, including but not limited to the computer software, the related documentation, the end-user interfaces, the name of our system, many of the individual features, and the collective works consisting of sequences of all public messages on our system. You may not reproduce any sequence of messages from our system, either electronically or in print, without our permission. In addition; you may not copy, modify, adapt, reproduce, translate, distribute, reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble any aspect of the system that we or our suppliers own.

8.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

You must bear the risk of any liability relating to your use of our system. We would not be able to afford to operate this system if we were held accountable for every wrongful action by every online subscriber. ACCORDINGLY, YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE SYSTEM IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SYSTEM, YOUR USE THEREOF OR ANY OF THE DATA OR OTHER MATERIALS TRANSMITTED THROUGH OR RESIDING ON OUR SYSTEM, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF WE HAVE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS.

9.	INDEMNITY

You shall defend and indemnify us and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), relating to any acts by you or materials or information transmitted by you in connection with our system, leading wholly or partially to claims against us or our system by other subscribers or third parties, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of action.

10.	DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY

The Ipro Advisers team strives to provide you with useful, accurate, and timely information on the system and preloaded website. Accordingly, Ipro Advisers has attempted to provide accurate information and materials on this website but assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of that information or materials. Ipro Advisers may change the content of any information or materials available at this website, or to the products described in them, at any time without notice. However, Ipro Advisers makes no commitment to update the information or materials on this website which, as a result, may be out of date. Information and opinions expressed in bulletin or message boards or other forums are not necessarily those of Ipro Advisers. Neither Ipro Advisers nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, or affiliates are responsible or liable for any loss or damage (including, but not limited to, actual, consequential, or punitive), liability, claim, or other injury or cause related to or resulting from any information posted on Ipro Advisers's preloaded website. Ipro Advisers reserves the right to revise these terms and/or legal restrictions at any time. You are responsible for reviewing this page from time to time to ensure compliance with the then-current terms and legal restrictions because they will be binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms and legal restrictions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this website. 
THE SYSTEM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN OR PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE.

Ipro Advisers warrants and represents to subscriber that in the event of Downtime (as defined in this Section below), as subscriber's sole and exclusive remedy and Ipro Advisers's sole and exclusive liability, the monthly fee payable for the hosting Services shall be reduced as follows:

a)	For the first sixty minutes of Downtime during Normal Business Hours or outside of Normal Business Hours ("Initial Downtime"), Ipro Advisers will take no responsibility whatsoever. 

b)	For any Downtime per month in addition to the Initial Downtime, Ipro Advisers will credit subscriber's account for a maximum of one month subscriber`s monthly fee. 

For the purposes of this Agreement, "Downtime" shall mean any interruption in the availability of Hosting Services to subscribers (excluding scheduled interruptions of which subscriber is notified 24 hours in advanced), only if such interruption is due either to: 

   an error in the Software, or 

Failure of the Ipro Advisers`s System (but not including problems associated with Internet connectivity). Downtime begins upon Subscriber notification to Ipro Advisers of the interruption, either by speaking directly with a Ipro Advisers customer service representative or recording a voice mail message in the Ipro Advisers customer service voice mail box or sending an email to Ipro Advisers customer service and continues until the availability of the Hosting Services is restored to the Subscriber. For purposes of this Agreement, "Normal Business Hours" shall mean between the hours of 9 to 5 EST Monday through Friday excluding national holidays.

11.	Governing LAW

You agree that this Agreement shall for all purposes be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Ontario, Canada and that any action arising out of this Agreement shall be litigated and enforced under the laws of the Ontario, Canada. In addition, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Ontario, and that any legal action pursued by you shall be within the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Ontario, Canada.

12.	ACKNOWLEDGMENT

This Agreement represents the entire understanding between you and us regarding your relationship to Online and supersedes any prior statements or representations. IF YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS ONLINE SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT, please click the "Yes" button below. If you do not agree to the terms of the Subscriber Agreement, please do not click the “Yes” button and log off the system.